1. Annual Leave
Full-time employees are entitled to 20 days of paid annual leave per year.
Leave accrual begins on the first day of employment and may be taken after completion of the probationary period.
Leave must be scheduled at least two weeks in advance and approved by the direct supervisor.
Carryover of unused leave to the next year is limited to 5 days.

2. Sick Leave
Employees are granted 10 paid sick days per annum.
Unused sick days do not carry over to the following year.
A doctor’s note may be required for absences of 3 consecutive days or more.
Sick leave can also be used for medical appointments.

3. Family and Caregiver Leave
Up to 5 days of paid leave per year for the care of an immediate family member.
In the event of a serious health condition of a family member, employees may apply for an extended unpaid leave in accordance with applicable labor laws.

4. Maternity/Paternity Leave
Maternity leave: 14 weeks of paid leave.
Paternity leave: 2 weeks of paid leave.
Employees must provide a minimum of four weeks’ notice prior to commencing leave.

5. Bereavement Leave
Employees may take up to 5 days of paid leave in the event of the death of an immediate family member.
Additional unpaid leave may be granted at the discretion of the company.

6. Jury Duty/Civic Leave
Time off for jury duty or other civic obligations will be granted.
Employees will receive their full pay for up to 10 working days of jury duty or civic leave.

7. Military Leave
Employees who are members of the armed forces will be granted leave for training or service in accordance with applicable laws.

8. Unpaid Leave
Unpaid leave may be granted for personal reasons after all paid leave has been exhausted.
Requests for unpaid leave must be submitted in writing at least 30 days in advance, when possible.

9. Study Leave
Employees may be eligible for study leave for professional development related to their position.
Eligibility for study leave must be discussed and approved by the direct supervisor.

10. Leave Without Pay
Leave without pay may be granted in exceptional circumstances and is subject to management approval.

11. Leave Procedure
All leave requests must be submitted through the company’s leave management system.
Approval of leave is subject to staffing requirements and shall be at the discretion of management.
In cases of emergency leave, the employee should notify their supervisor as soon as possible.

12. Leave Encashment
Upon termination of employment, employees will be paid for unused annual leave days.
Encashment of leave is not permitted otherwise.

13. Policy Abuse
Leave taken without approval or misuse of any leave policy will be subject to disciplinary action.
